I wish you health, briefly about this day. SBU Eugene Ahmara reports, and he's running a lot of our operations, and that's what we talked about, and we talked about recent operations, and the security service in Ukraine is successful, and I want to thank all of the operatives and special servants of the service, and some of the operations that the Russians have already experienced, to speak to the public too early, part of the work operation. We've been actively defending ourselves and all the Russian casualties, and that's what's approaching the end of the war, our girls, our special arrangements, everything has to go on for sure, and I've also talked to Cyril Budanov, including the sanctimonial policy, and the next year, there's been a new partnership with many partners to synchronize the sanctions, but the pace has to be a lot more. Russian rocket production and drones cannot exist without the supply of components. From other countries, this is not just about Russian products, but about all Russian weapons. Our institutes are supposed to be working for this more active, and Budanov has been reporting and part of the meeting is within the diplomatic track, and I expect a complete, detailed report of the entire negotiation team, and basically every day we continue to communicate with the American side, and today Rustem Umerov has been back in contact with American partners, and this is our strategic task. The dialogue with America should be 100% constructive. Ukraine has never been a barrier to diplomacy, and our efficiency in working with partners is always the same, and Russia is the source of this war, and it deserves all the blows and pressures in response to everything that it does against life and people, against diplomacy, against partners. We're carefully tracking and recording all of the Russian efforts to break our relationship with partners, and we see that the lobbyists Moscow is involved in, through whom Moscow tries to act, which internal operations in Ukraine and Europe are trying to arrive, and our opposition is going to be felt by the line of special services, and by the line of our development, and by the political cooperation with partners, and especially by the sanctions. What's important is that the movement in the United States Congress is renewed in the direction of more rigid sanctimonies against Russia, against Russian oil, and it really can work, and I thank everyone who helps, and I want to celebrate our killing today, and anyone who, despite the constant beatings, Russia's curtains, despite all this heavy, cold winter, defends our position and destroys the invaders.