Dear Ukrainians, Ukrainians, right now in Kharkiv and Dnipro in other cities and communities, there's been a long process of eliminating the effects of Russian beatings in Kiev, and in Kiev today the Russian army has damaged another hospital, a completely civil facility, the Dnipro, the food producer, of course, of the sunflower, and that's for Russia, as it turns out, a target as well. In Kharkiv, the Russians hit just by the heat, for the energy of people, for the normal life, for the ballistics, against the energy, in Kherson, repair teams of energy worked to restore electricity after Russian strikes, and that's all evidence that Russia doesn't really take on the actual diplomatic work that the civilized countries are trying to do with it. Russia by the war effort is trying to bring as much damage to Ukraine as possible. Their strategy is consistent. Our strategy is to make life more secure, and that's what it does. We have discussed this work with him: the full political support of our asymmetrical actions against Russia in SBU is. Eugene Cloud: A man of experience. He is now assigned to the task of head of Ukraine's Security Service. Khmara is the head of Special Operations A SBU. He's one of those who are making the exact blows to the enemy that the Russians are sending out and are adding motivations to the Ukrainians, and he's talking to Basil Kozak, Colonel SBU, and he's one of the new generations of Ukrainian defenders, of SBU warriors, and we've discussed with them what's already done and what we're planning to do, and I'm grateful for the fresh view of SBU. He's talking to Alexander Paul, and it's important that the internal defense of Ukraine and the counter-recognition component of SBU has been greatly increased over the years of this war, and the SBU will be larger, and it's in the context of protecting Ukraine, protecting our positions, protecting national interests, and I thank everyone who's working, and that's exactly what's going to happen. Now, today, there was an important conversation with Michael Fyodor, and he introduced the format of the update to the Ministry of Defense, which should be the priorities we need to make.