Dear Ukrainian Ukrainians, today is an active diplomatic day, and today I've spoken to Kir Starmer, prime minister of Britain, and today I've had conversations with the Prime Minister of Norway and chancellor of Austria, and I want to thank you for your support, and I want to thank you very much for the keen interest that we have in the negotiations with America and the Russian side, and our teams are active today. Now, we've been working with government officials and the Ops President's team on rebuilding, and I hope our partners are doing the same thing with the tasks, and there's no question about any security grants for Ukraine and all of Europe, there's absolutely clear obligations and possibilities for rebuilding Ukraine, and of course, there's no real possibility of ending this war, there's no doubt that there's no one in the world right now, what's the war? Everybody realizes that it's a Russian war, and the responsibility is also Russian to finish the war, and the pressure on Russia must be there, and we're now getting good signals from Europe about the willingness of Europeans to put more pressure on the aggression, and it's important that this be the pressure, especially on Russia's tanker fleet, on the whole infrastructure of Russian exports. It's going to help us all in Europe if Russian revenues are even more circumcised, and we're already seeing huge new problems with the federal budget, and with inflation, with economic indicators, it's all good, it's the right signals to make peace, and the harder for Russia, the closer peace. We talked to the prime minister of Britain, especially those blows, about the need to protect our state and people, and today Odesa hasn't been there today, during the day of her rescue, the decomposition of Russian hit 52 shock drones just against the city, much against the center of Odessa, the area around her attachment, no military facilities there, no, and in fact all of the targets of Russian shaheae are normal buildings. A simple civilian infrastructure, a hard hit, most drones managed to knock down, but unfortunately not all of them. There have been significant damages, there will be maximum recovery, so far as possible. I want to mention our SES of Ukraine Ukraine and Ukraine, and Kharkiv round energy, all experts who work to stabilize this situation, and anyone who works now, for Ukraine, is working on life like that, overpowering. I also want to thank all of you who work in Kiev and Kiev, in Zaporozin, on Dniprosoc, Sony65, Chenihiv (in all areas, in all the communities after the blows, there was also a blow of Russian gas infrastructure in the western part of our country, but everywhere we help, there's work for life and people, and I thank everyone who helps those who are around. I thank all of you for fighting for Ukraine as yourself.