I wish you health, briefly about this day. SBU Yevhenii Khmara, he's running a lot of our operations, and he's been talking about the operations that have happened recently. We've been actively defending ourselves and all the Russian casualties, and that's what's approaching the end of the war, our girls, our special arrangements, everything has to go on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. Russian rocket production and drones cannot exist without the supply of components. From other countries, this is not just about Russian products, but about all Russian weapons. Our institutes are supposed to be working for this more active, and Budanov has been reporting and part of the meeting is within the diplomatic track, and I expect a complete, detailed report of the entire negotiation team, and basically every day we continue to communicate with the American side, and today Rustem Umerov has been back in contact with American partners, and this is our strategic task. The dialogue with America should be 100% constructive. Ukraine has never been a barrier to diplomacy, and our efficiency in working with partners is always the same, and Russia is the source of this war, and it deserves all the blows and pressures in response to everything that it does against life and people, against diplomacy, against partners. We carefully trace and record every effort the Russians are trying to break our relationship with our partners, and we can see which Moses lobbyists are involved in, through whom they are trying to act, which internal operations in Ukraine and Europe are trying to pick up, and our opposition is going to be felt by the special service line, and by the line of our development, and by political cooperation with partners, and especially by the sanctions. What's important is that the movement in the United States Congress is renewed in the direction of more rigid sanctimonies against Russia, against Russian oil, and it really can work.