I wish you health, just about today, in all regions where there is a need for repair teams and recovery forces, and the most difficult situation right now is in Kiv, and before everyone gets heated, there's a lot of electricity problems, but for Kiv, teams from many of our regions are actually from all over the country, including the front regions, ready to help. I want to thank you for the help also in Ukrzaliznytsia, other government companies, all of the private people who support people. I expect reports from all the partners I've had to look for and buy hardware before this winter. The city authorities in Kyiv should have kids much faster now so that they can at least be easier for people in February, especially so that everyone in the government is willing to help. In Crimea, there has been a recovery of heat in the course of the day. There is no heating in more than two hundred homes this morning, after a Russian strike. Kharkiv (seenland, Odecland, Zaporizhzhia, Zaporizhia. I want to thank everyone who works. For people to be warm and light. Many offs are also in the Valava area, and at Kirohharda, in Mykolovi, in Vincent, and Civiltsi regions. I talked to President France, and Menuel pointed out the challenges that there are, and we talked about helping Ukraine the most, and we're counting on Europe's support, and it's important that leaders and nations don't keep quiet about what's going on, and that the Russians are still trying to hurt the Ukrainians as much as possible, despite any diplomats. We also know that the Russians are preparing for a new blow. The investigation gives us information that we need to get America, now Europe, to understand how this discredits diplomatic conversations, each of the Russian strokes, and today the Russians on KivZ killed a woman and a man, and it's just people in their apartment, and we've been able to save a child four years. I want to say thank you to Marian Kushner, the speaker of Vahncor Radio Freedom, who has courageously saved this girl, and much depends on the fact that our people don't give up.