Dear Ukrainian Ukrainians, briefly about this day. The energy is, in fact, a constant recovery after strokes. This applies not only to Kyiv, but also to Kharkiv and areas, Zaporizhzhia, Dniprotrovsk (Dnipro, Knipro, Chernhiv (Chernhiv area), all of which are the most difficult. &gt; &gt;&gt; &gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt; &gt;&gt; No; &gt; &gt; Dr. &gt; &gt;&gt; Dr. &gt; Dr. &gt; Dr. &gt; Dr. Zucker: Many cities, communities are ready to help. The government is ready to help. All the missions, all the possibilities, there are 174 teams working. This is a huge resource that is now being sent to Kyiv, and there are some results, but not enough. We're going to scale support and heating, and everyone in the government is going to work with partners to get the most advanced equipment, and I'm going to thank all of our friends, and these are different European countries, and they're going to be from Norway to Italy, Poland, Germany, the state of Baldia, a lot of people who are now supporting Ukraine, our cities, and they're doing a lot of things for Kiv. The alarm was spoken to by the Secretary of Defense today, to protect the facilities of energy, and with the commander of Ukraine's Armed Forces, the air force's command chain should be much faster in defense, and there was also a full report of our delegation. The boys returned after three-way meetings, and for a long time was back in format with the Americans and the Russians. We've talked about more military issues, and if it's about steps to end the war and actually control, monitoring, there are questions that should be prepared for the next meeting, and we've talked before that the teams will meet again on Sunday, and it'll be a good idea to speed up this meeting. Ukraine will be as fully prepared as possible in all things to be discussed for reconciliation. Ukraine will always be on the side of peace and the only thing that will keep it going, Russia. The real results of diplomacy are required, so that the Russians will not seem to be using both the negotiation process and with very cynical hard intentions will delay new pressures on Russia that could work. It's the pressure, it's the pressure, it's the consequences, it's the sanctifications, it's the secretion of Russian operations, it's all working at the end of the war, and I need to make sure that partners don't forget it, and I thank everyone from Ukraine, and thank everyone who helps us.