Dear Ukrainians, Ukrainians, right now in Kharkiv and Dnipro in other cities and communities, there's been a decline in the effects of Russian beatings. In Kharkiv, the Russians hit right after the heat, energy for people, for normal life, for ballistics, against energy, and in Kherson, the energy teams worked to recover electricity from Russian blows, and that only indicates that Russia didn't really take the real diplomatic work that the civilized countries are trying to do with it. Russia by the war effort is trying to bring as much damage as possible to Ukraine. Their strategy is consistent. Our strategy. The strategy for life protection will be intensified. It already does. First, yesterday and today I have met with the Security Service of Ukraine workers. Thank you Vasyl Maliuk for the hard fighting, for the asymmetric operations he can do. The first of these operations is Vasil and will continue on. We have discussed this work with him: the full political support of our asymmetrical actions against Russia in SBU is. Yevhenii Khmara. The man is experienced. He is now assigned as a temporary execution officer of the Security Service of Ukraine. Khmara is the head of special operations A SBU. He also spoke to Denys Klymenko, the first deputy manager of Alpha. He's one of those who do the exact blows on the enemy that the Russians send out and add motivations to the Ukrainians, and he's talking to Vasyl Kozak, Colonel SBU. This is a young fellow, one of the new generation of Ukrainian defenders, of SBU warriors, and we've discussed with them what's already done and what we're planning to do. Talked to Oleksandr Poklad, and it's important that the internal protection of Ukraine's state and the counter-recognition component of SBU is greatly increased during the years of this war, and the SBU content will be bigger, and it's in the context of protecting Ukraine, protecting our positions, protecting national interests, and I thank everyone who works, and that's exactly what's going on, and there's still an important conversation with Mykhailo Fedorov. He introduced an update format to the Ministry of Defense, which should be the priorities we need to make.