Dear Ukrainian Ukrainians, today is the active day of diplomatic work, and today I've spoken to Keir Starmer, Prime B.A., and today I've had a conversation with Premier Norway and Chancellor Austria, and I want to thank you for your support, and I want to thank you very much for the earnest interest that we have in the negotiations with America and the Russian side, and our teams are active today. Now, we've been working with government officials and the Ops President's team on rebuilding, and I hope our partners are doing the same thing to do, and there's no doubt that there's no one in the world right now. Everybody realizes that it's a Russian war, and the responsibility is also Russian to finish the war, and the pressure on Russia is going to be, and we're going to get good signals from Europe about the willingness of Europeans to put more pressure on the aggression, and it's very important that it's going to be pressure, especially on Russia's tanker fleet, on all of the infrastructure of Russian exports. It's going to help us all in Europe if the Russian revenues are even more circumcised, and we're already seeing huge new problems with the federal budget aggression, and also with inflation, with economic indicators, that's all good, the correct signals to make the world work, and the harder for Russia, the closer peace. They spoke to Prime Minister B.A., especially about these blows, about the need to protect our state and people, today in Odesa during the day of the rescue, the meeting after the Russian blow of 52 shock drones directly against the city, much against the center of Odessa, the area around Privoz, there were no military objects, none, and in fact all the targets of Russian Shaheds € are normal houses. A simple civil infrastructure, a hard hit, most drones managed to knock down, but unfortunately not all of them, three people died, my sympathy and loved ones, about 50 people turned to help, and that's one blow to one city. For example, by the day there was still a Russian blow to Kharkiv, the hit to the MLRS, the jet-fire system. There have been significant damages, recoverys will be as fast as possible, and I want to point out our State Emergency Service and Ukraine, and Kharkiv osner, all of the experts who work to stabilize this situation, and anyone who works now, for Ukraine, is working on life like this, overpowering. I also want to thank everyone who works in Kiv, and at KivZA, in Zaporizhzhia, on Dniprotrovskscs, SomyS, Chernihiv region, in all regions, in all communities after strikes, there was also a blow to the Russians in gas infrastructure in the western part of our country, but everywhere we help, there's work for the lives and for the people. I thank all of you for fighting for Ukraine as yourself.