May the health and health of the Ukrainians. There are a lot of assignments today, including our diplomatic team. Almost every hour, Ukrainian representatives report to me. They're in Emirates now. Today, there is a Ukrainian, American, and Russian delegation. There's been a big conversation, because there's been no three-way meeting formats like this a long time ago. They're talking about the end-of-war parameters. They should now have at least some responses from Russia. The main thing is that Russia is ready to end this war that it itself has started. Ukrainian positions are clear. The dialogue frame, I've defined, for our delegation, a permanent delegation to communicate. Rustema Mirov, Cyril Budanov, David Rahami, Sergey Xysle Tomorrow, there's still a call for General Gnath to join us. The director of the headquarters and the spokesman for HURKIMBIKI. The topic of the call is still too early to arrive at conclusions. We'll see how the conversation goes tomorrow and what happens. Not only does the Ukrainian wish have to end this war, achieve complete security, I'd like Russia to have a similar desire somehow. I went to a report by the Secretary of Defense of Ukraine on Fedorov. We have a situation on the front, our technological answers. I thank every unit that protects our Ukrainian positions And they're very much building up the technological component. The level of Russian waste for December is 35,000. It wasn't just the Ministry that spoke to the Minister on record, Yeah, but it's also a form of power, especially in the air force. It's good that the interaction within the air force is going to be a good thing, and it's going to be a whole bunch of round-up shots. Well, it takes a lot to get the system to become more efficient. He also assigned our team as soon as possible and as much in detail as possible. process our agreements with our partners - rockets for anti-air defense. Yesterday was a positive signal to talk to President Trump. We need a positive signal here in Ukraine. in a real provision for our guardians of the sky. Logistics have to accelerate as fast as possible. There's also a special energy grid. Every day begins with this kind of repair crew, emergency services, energy companies, Ukraine's DC. Everyone works, works around the clock, results in recovery, But still, in general, the situation remains very difficult. And this is especially Kiev and Dnieperland, Dnieper, Cryviri, Kharkiv. And the province of Zaporozhya, Sumsra, Chernihivsmia. The eye doctor figured out the situation in Odessa.