I wish to be healthy, briefly about this day, and that's what Juggenian Ahmar's report, and he's running many of our operations, and that's what we talked about. On recent operations, Ukraine's Security Service has been successful, and I want to thank all of the operating personnel and security officials for this. Some of the operations that the Russians already felt were too early to speak to the public, part of the operation at work. We're actively defending ourselves and all the Russian casualties, that's what's approaching the end of the war, our girls, our special measures, everything should go on for sure. I also spoke to Cyril Bodanov, including the sanctimonial policy, and during the past year, a new partnership was made with many partners to synchronize the sanctions, but the pace has to be much higher. The Russian rocket and drone manufacturing can't exist without a component supply. From other countries, it's not just about Russian products, it's about all Russian weapons. It's a weapon that's built on components that Russia itself doesn't produce, and that's why the provision and expansion of the sanctum is one of our key priorities. It has to be a top priority for partners as well, and our institutions have to work for that more active. I'm expecting a full, detailed report of the entire negotiation team. And in fact, every day, we continue to communicate with the American side, and today, Rust Umerov was back in contact with U.S. partners. The dialogue with America should be 100% constructive. Ukraine has never been and will never be a barrier to diplomacy. Our effectiveness in working with partners is always at the highest level, as it will continue. Russia alone is the source of this war, the cause of this war, and it deserves all the blows and pressures in response to everything it does against life and people, against diplomacy, against partners. We carefully trace and record all Russian attempts to break our relationship with our partners. We can see how the Locists Moscow are involved in what they're trying to do, what internal operations in Ukraine and Europe are trying to get there. Our opposition will be evident through the ranks of special services, through the line of development, and through political cooperation with partners, and in particular sanctions. The important thing is that the movement in the United States Congress is moving toward more rigid sanctions against Russia, against Russian oil. It really can work, and I thank everyone who helps, and I want to celebrate our killers today. Everyone who, in spite of the constant blows, Russia's Swamps, despite this difficult, cold winter, defends our position and destroys the invaders.