I wish you good health, briefly today. In all regions where there is a need to do so, repair teams and recovery forces are involved. The most difficult situation right now is in Kiev, before everyone with heating. There are also major electricity problems. Kyiv is involved in teams from many of our regions, actually from all over the country, including the front regions, ready to help. I want to thank you for your help, too, in Crystal, another government company, all the private sector that supports people. Ukraine's ISS has provided hot food for areas in Kiev, where it is needed. In the last year alone, 6200 people in Kiev received a hot diet of 22,000 people in Kiev. Willingness to increase the scope of such help, if necessary. I'm expecting reports on all the assignments I've been to work with the partners I've had. We had to look for and buy equipment before this winter. City authorities in Kiev should have children much faster now so that they can be easier in February. Especially so that everyone in the government is ready to help. Regular reports of the situation in Chernig, Sumsna, Dnieper During the day, there was renewed heat supply in Crete. By this morning, there was no heat in more than two hundred homes after the Russian blow. Kharkivs, Odyssey, Zaporozhye, I want to thank everyone who works. I want people to be warm and light. Major disfellowshippings also took place in the Valvas region, also in Kyravograds, in Nicholasland, It's in the Vinnycchia and the Chernitz region. He spoke to the president of France. Menuel noted the challenges that there are. We talked about Ukraine's help, which we need most now. We're counting on European support. It's important that leaders and states remain silent about what's going on. They didn't say that the Russians were still trying to hurt the Ukrainians. The worst pain, no matter what diplomacy. We also know that the Russians are preparing for a new blow. Reconnaissance gives the information that we need to get America, now Europe, Now all the partners understood how this discredits diplomatic conversations. Every single Russian beat. Today, Russians in Kyivs killed a woman and a man. It's just that people were in their apartment. Half the family and I are close. The child was rescued for four years. I want to thank Marian Kushner. Radio Freedom Journalist Weenkor, who is now active, has saved the girl. Much depends on the courage of our people.