On the eve of the day, the Russians hit the normal civilian train, hit the drones, were killed, injured. In the train, a Ukrainian sergeant, a warrior of 93 individual mechanized team, Vladislav Rozkowski, called Omar, traveled. He did all he could to help others. I want to thank you, Vladislav, and thank you, everyone who's doing everything he can right now, and it's not possible to save as many people as the greatest lives. I spoke to my father today, Kepler, a Ukrainian volunteer who has helped a great deal in the development of our tactics medicine and in the survival of our warriors. Ukrainian Hiruras, Ukrainian doctors, perform amazing operations to save lives in the face of war. It's an experience that needs to be scaled up and supported, not by words, but by solutions, by the development of our public institutions. We agreed that Tata, along with active military professionals, would offer suggestions on how to make military training more powerful, from the point of view, medicine. Injuries, military traumas, skills to help the brothers with increased and more rapid evacuation. How do you make the Ukrainian bear stronger? There's something to do, and there's an experience that needs to be extended. Thank you everyone who does that. There was a report by Major General Cloud, above all about combat operations in Ukraine's Security Service, about what's going on with our front. In particular, Alfi's actions and what the Service does is fairly fair in the territory of the Aggressor. In response to all the blows, in response to all the Russian evil that came upon our earth. I'm proud of our special forces, and I've also been talking about control of all military production processes. The maximum clarity of Ukraine is going to have to be exactly what Ukraine needs to produce. Without any chance of a Russian division or any internal filth, corruption, etc. That's a lot of the responsibility of Ukraine's Security Service, which was the real cleanliness of the processes. One more thing, when there's so much diplomatic effort to end this war, when Americans talk to the Russians, And Europeans are trying to make this diplomacy really important for people now. As the Russian blows continue, as the storm lasts, people find it difficult to feel that diplomacy is constructive and can produce results. You have to think to all of you who really want peace, how to make sure that you don't have the Russians coming out before the war is over. The world has the power to provide that, you only have to use that power, for peace, of course. Thank you, everyone who sees this situation this way.