Dear Ukrainian Ukrainians, briefly about this day. Energy, in fact, continues to resume recovery after strokes. This applies not only to Kiev but also to Kharkova and the region, Zapora, Dnieper, Dnieper, Crimea, Chernihivs, Sublimia, all. All regions where the situation is the hardest. Of course, the most challenging of all is now in Kiev. I expect the Kyiv government to increase the robot. Many cities, communities are ready to help. Every mission, every opportunity, everything is there. 174 teams are working, it's a huge resource that is now being sent to Kiev. There are certain results, but not enough. A lot of homes without heating, There are those without heat for a long time. I commissioned the government to send additional resources. The ISS works on its own line. We're zooming in on support points, and we're zooming in. Everyone in the government is going to work with their partners, So that as soon as possible, we can get exactly the extra equipment. I thank all our friends. And these are different European countries. From Norway to Italy, Poland, Germany, the state of Baldia. Many others who now support Ukraine, our cities, And he does much for Kiev. They spoke to the Secretary of Defense today, to protect energy. Also with the commander of Ukraine's Armed Forces, The air force's command link has to be much faster in defense. Today, too, there was a full report of our delegation. The boys came back after three-way meetings. Over the years, there has been another format with the Americans and the Russians. As a result, various matters of more military character were discussed. If it's about steps to end war and real control, monitoring, there are questions to be prepared for the next meeting. We talked earlier about having teams meet again on Sunday. It will be good to be able to speed up this meeting. Ukraine will be as fully prepared as possible, magazines to be discussed before reconciliation. Ukraine is always and always will be on the side of peace and one, That's who this war is still going on, Russia. We need real results of diplomacy, So that it doesn't feel like the Russians are using and negotiating a process, and for a very cynical, hard reason to remove new pressures Russia, which could have worked. And you need the pressure, the pressure, the consequences, result of sanctifications, result of blocking Russian operations. All of this works at the end of the war. I need my partners to remember that. I thank everyone from Ukraine. Thank you all for helping us. Thank you, Ukraine!