Dear Ukrainians, Ukrainians, now in Kharkiv and Dnieper in other cities and communities, continue to eliminate the effects of Russian blows. In Kiev today the Russian army has damaged another hospital, a completely civil facility. In the Dnieper, amongst the civil ventures, the food manufacturer, of course, the sunflower goal, and this for Russia, it turns out, is also a target. In Kharkiv, the Russians hit just by the heat, the energy for people, in normal life, the ballistics, against energy. In Kherson, repair teams worked to restore electricity after Russian strikes. And all of this is evidence that Russia doesn't really take seriously the diplomatic work that civilized countries try to do with it. Russia for the war effort is trying to bring as much damage to Ukraine as it can, and their strategy is consistent, and our strategy. The protection of life will intensify, already. First, yesterday and today, I met with the Ukraine Security Service. Thank Vasil Male for the hard fighting, for the asymmetrical operations he's able to do. The first of these operations, Vasyl will continue to do, and we've discussed this work with him. There is total political support for our asymmetric actions against Russia in the U.S.A. Eugene Cloud, an experienced man, is now assigned as a temporary Head of the Security Service. The Cloud is the head of special operations AWO, and he's also talking to Dennis Kiliman, the first deputy manager of Alphas. He's one of those who are hitting the enemy, and the Russians are sending back, and they're adding motivations to the Ukrainians. I spoke to Basil Kozak, Colonel SBU, and this is a young boy, one of the new generation of Ukrainian defenders, of the U.S. We've discussed with them what has already been done and what we're planning. Supporting this job, I am grateful for the fresh look I had on my job. He's talking to Alexander Paul, and it's important that the internal defense of the Ukrainian state and the counter-recognition component of the operation of the U.S.A. has been greatly intensified during the years of this war. The UBBU will be bigger, right in the context of protecting Ukraine, protecting our positions, protecting national interests. I thank everyone who works, and that's right, there'll be further footage solutions. Now there was an important conversation with Michael Fyodorov, and he introduced an update format to the Ministry of Defense in Ukraine. What priorities should we need to make?