Dear Ukrainian Ukrainians, today is an active diplomatic day. Today I spoke to Cyrus Starmer, prime minister of Britain, Today I had a conversation with the prime minister of Norway and the chancellor of Austria. I want to thank you for your support. What's really interesting is in negotiations with America and the Russian side. Our teams are working actively today. It's just that the government and the Ops team of the president. worked with the rebuilding document, I hope our partners feel the same way about problems. Clear Grants of Security for Ukraine and all of Europe, A completely clear commitment and opportunity to rebuild Ukraine, and, of course, the real possibilities are worthy of ending this war. There can be no doubt right now about anyone in the world. Why is the war still going on? Everybody understands it's Russian war. And it's also Russian to end the war. And there's got to be pressure on Russia. We're now getting good signals from Europe. You know, I think it's more about the willingness of Europeans to put more pressure on the antagonist. It's very important that it be the pressure, especially on the Russian tanker fleet, the entire infrastructure of Russian exports to teach. It's going to help us all in Europe, If Russian revenues were to be circumcised even more. We're already seeing huge new problems with the federal budget aggression, as well as inflation, with economic performance. These are all good, the right signals for peace to come. The harder Russia gets, the closer peace. They spoke to the prime minister of Britain, especially these blows, magazines on the need to protect our country and people. Today, in Odessa, there's a life rescue day, there's an invasion of the wrecks. After the Russian strike, 52 shock drones are against the city, A lot of it against the center of Odessa, the area around the invasion. No military facilities were there, no. And in fact, all the targets of Russian shahea are ordinary houses. Simple civil infrastructure, hard was the blow. Most drones have been knocked down, but unfortunately not all. Three people died, my sympathy for family and loved ones. Almost 50 people called for help. It's one punch on the same city. For example, until the day when there was a Russian attack on Kharkov's energy, I'm gonna go. I'm gonna take care of you. I'm gonna take care of you. I'm gonna take care of you. There were significant damages, the recovery will be as fast as possible, You know, as much as possible. I want to celebrate our Ukraine and Ukraine, And Kharkiv is surrounded by energy, all of the experts who work, I'm here to stabilize this situation. Anyone who works now, for Ukraine's sewers, She's working on something to make life like this win. I also want to thank all those who work in Kiev, and in Kyiv, in Zaporozin, in Dnieper, The land, the Chernigs, all over the world, In all communities after the beating. There was also a blow to the Russians in gas infrastructure. in the western part of our state, But everywhere there's our help, There's work everywhere for the sake of life and for people. I give thanks to everyone who helps, to those around me. I thank everyone who fights for Ukraine, It's not like it's for the sake of itself. Thank you, Ukraine!