I wish you health today, there was a meeting with the Negotiation Group all over the network with the American team. It's a lot done, we're talking to representatives of President Trump about meeting schedules. Our documents are a lot ready to sign, and we're going to figure out that the Davos format this year is going to be pretty good from the perspective of our relationship with our partners and our recovery from Russian strikes. It is now necessary for government officials to analyze every economic treaty document, so that all of Ukraine's interests will be taken into account. We're also working to create effective funding mechanisms that are fair to Ukraine, and I thank everyone who helps us. We understand that the American side is constantly communicating with Russia and including the basic document for ending the war. It's a political document, and we've formulated our vision of what might actually work, and although Ukraine, the United States, and partners have been extremely active for several months, there is no answer. It's a question about Russia, about what it's all about, and the behavior of the teritorical Russian doesn't mean that they want to end this war or they're preparing for it. Everyone sees it, it depends solely on partners, mainly on the United States and the president of the United States. What Russia will choose, whether it's peace or not, which is why the pressure on the machine has to stay on the table, all the pressure options. We're seeing how basically what the Shadow Fleet Tanks really do about is oil from Venezuela, and if you want to, you can stop oil from moving, and there's no problem with the global market. We also see that there are a lot of tools to block everyone who walks around sanitation or helps marginal regimes. All of this Russia has to try on itself now if it doesn't go to peace, especially if it's near Russian partners. And what's happening in Iran right now is the massive protests, in fact the uprising, and it's also a clear sign that Russia will not be easier. And every normal human being on Earth really wants Iran to finally be lucky enough to get rid of the regime that's there and that's brought only evil. In particular, Ukraine has brought it to another country, and it's important that the world not miss this moment when changes are possible. Every leader, every country, international organizations should now turn on, help people, clean up those who owe Iran what, unfortunately, it was.