I wish you health and respect to Ukrainians, there are many tasks today, including our diplomatic team, and almost every hour, Ukrainian representatives report to me, and they're in Emirates, and today there's Ukrainian, American, and Russian delegations, and there's been a conversation, because there's been no three-way meeting formats, and they're talking about the end of the war. They should now have at least a part of their response from Russia, and it's important that Russia be ready to end this war, which was fought by the Ukrainian states, and I've defined the dialogue frames, for our delegation, the regular delegation of communications, the Rust Umerov, Cyril Budanov, David Arahyama, Ser Kiscaly. Tomorrow, we're going to be joined by General Gnath, CEO of the headquarters, and GURK, and we're going to be able to achieve a full security, so that there's a similar desire in Russia that somehow has been born. We have a situation at the front, our technological answers, and I thank every unit that protects our Ukrainian positions, and greatly enhances technology. It was also talked to the Minister of Air Force not only in the Ministry but also in the air force, especially in the Air Forces, and it's good that the interaction within the Air Forces and the process of the Air Forces is getting bigger and more efficient. We also assigned our team as quickly and as fully as possible to take care of our missiles partners, which was a positive signal yesterday to speak to President Trump on rockets for Patriot PAC-3. We need a positive signal now here in Ukraine in real sky protection. Logistics need to be as fast as possible. There's a special energy demuxer, and each day begins in this format of repair crews, emergency services, energy companies, DCNs, all working around the clock, there are recovery results, but the overall situation remains very difficult, and especially the Kyivs and the Dnieper, Dnieper, Ice Rig, Kharkiv, and the Sumland, the Chernigivs region. The eye doctor figured out the situation in Odessa.