Dear Ukrainian Ukrainians, briefly about this day, and energy is, in fact, ongoing recovery after strokes, and this is not only about Kiev, but also about Kharkova and the region, Zapora, Dnieper, Dnieper, Crimea, Chernigs, Sums, all of them, all of the areas where the situation is most difficult, and of course, the Kyiv calls are what I expect most now, from the Kyiv authorities, the intensifying of the robot. A lot of cities, communities are willing to help, the government is willing to help, all of the missions, all of the possibilities, there are 174 teams working, and this is a huge resource that is now being sent to Kiev, and there are some results, but not enough, and a lot of the buildings without heating, are those that without heating for a long time, and I've commissioned the government to send extra resources, and the ISS is working on its own line. We're going to scale support and heating, and everyone in the government is going to work with partners to get the most advanced equipment, and I'm going to thank all our friends -- and these are different European countries -- from Norway to Italy, Poland, Germany, the state of Baldia -- a lot of people who are now supporting Ukraine, our cities, and they do a lot for Kiev. The alarm was spoken to by the Secretary of Defense today, to protect the facilities of energy, and with the commander of Ukraine's Armed Forces, the air force's command chain should be much faster in defense, and there was also a full report of our delegation. The boys returned after three-way meetings, and for a long time was back in format with the Americans and the Russians. We've talked about more military issues, and if it's about steps to end the war and actually control, monitoring, there are questions that should be prepared for the next meeting, and we've talked before that the teams will meet again on Sunday, and it'll be a good idea to speed up this meeting. Ukraine will be as fully prepared as possible in all things to be discussed for reconciliation. Ukraine will always be on the side of peace and the only thing that will keep it going, Russia. The real results of diplomacy are required, so that the Russians will not seem to be using both the negotiation process and with very cynical hard intentions will delay new pressures on Russia that could work. It's the pressure, it's the pressure, it's the consequences, it's the sanctifications, it's the secretion of Russian operations, it's all working at the end of the war, and I need to make sure that partners don't forget it, and I thank everyone from Ukraine, and thank everyone who helps us.