The day before, the Russians struck an ordinary civilian train — they hit it with drones. There were fatalities; there were wounded. On that train was a Ukrainian sergeant, a soldier of the 93rd Separate Mechanized Brigade, Vladyslav Rzhkovskyi, call sign "Omar." He did not lose his composure and did everything he could to help others. I want to thank you, Vladyslav. Thank you to everyone who is doing everything possible and impossible right now to save as many people and as many lives as they can. Today I spoke with Tata Kepler, a Ukrainian volunteer who has done a great deal to develop our tactical medicine and to save the lives of our soldiers. Ukrainian surgeons and Ukrainian doctors are performing extraordinary operations, saving lives under wartime conditions. This is experience that must be scaled up and supported — not with words, but with decisions and the development of our state institutions. We agreed that Tata, together with active military medics, will prepare proposals on how to strengthen training for service members specifically in terms of medicine — treating wounds and combat injuries, the ability to help a fellow soldier, and faster, much faster evacuation. How can we make Ukrainian tactical medicine even stronger? There is work to be done, and there is experience that must be shared more widely. Thank you to everyone who is engaged in exactly this work. There was a report by Major General Khmara, primarily on the combat operations of the Security Service of Ukraine as they pertain to our front. In particular, the actions of "Alpha" and what the Service is doing — entirely justifiably — on the territory of the aggressor. In response to all the strikes, in response to all the Russian evil that has come to our land. I am proud of our special operations forces. We also discussed oversight of all processes in the sphere of military production. There must be maximum precision, and everything Ukraine needs must be produced exactly as Ukraine requires — without any opportunity for Russian sabotage or any internal corruption, graft, and the like. This is in large part the responsibility of the Security Service of Ukraine — to ensure genuine integrity of these processes. One more thing: when there are so many diplomatic efforts to end this war, when Americans are talking with Russians and Europeans are trying — in order for all of this diplomacy to carry real weight for people, to have real significance in the current situation — when Russian strikes continue, when assaults go on, it is hard for people to feel that diplomacy is constructive and can deliver results. Everyone who truly wants peace must think about how to ensure that the Russians are preparing not for new massive attacks, but for the end of the war. The world has the power to make this happen; it simply needs to use that power for peace — without question. Thank you to everyone who sees the situation in exactly this way. Glory to Ukraine!